this is the tale of an ordinary man who
had everything all guys name was
Benjamin Barker
until a man of power stole his freedom
destroyed his family and banished him
may the lord have mercy on your soul for
life
and in his sorrow
a new man was born fifteen years
dreaming I might come home to a wife and
child
no buck Sweeney Todd will have his roof
a nice what you told you so behind you
no no these are desperate times
desperate measures are called for
gives us - so welcome to the grave
I'm guarantee closest shave you
may the good Lord smile on you
your pocket years no doubt have changed
last my arm is complete that's all very
well but what we're gonna do about him